I used data from the past 12 months from Jersey City. I thought it would be most relevent to look at the most recent data. And, since I'm from
New Jersey and I know the area well, I thought it would be interesting to look at the Jersey City data.

Over time Dashboard
Subscribers and customers both increase in the summer months, due to the weather being better to ride. Subscribers start to increase about a month 
after customers do, because it takes some time for customers to be converted to subscribers after they start riding. 
The number of riders overall, peaks in the summer, also for the reason of good weather.
The peak hours are morning time and evening, when people are coming and going from work. Summer and winter months have similar trends because 
those are the commuting hours regardless of the time of the year.

Top/Bottom Dashboard
The top start and end stations are similar, showing that many riders start and end in the same place. Most of these are near or at public 
transportation stations. The bottom end stations are further away (most in NYC) then the start station, meaning most people don’t end far from where 
they start. The bottom start stations, must just be in less popular travel areas.

Demographics Dashboard
There are many more male riders, I’m not sure why, but maybe there is some stigma associated with females riding. Female riders increase in the 
summer just like overall riders, subscribers, and customers, this does not prove that advertising has helped it just shows the seasonal change.
Younger riders tend to ride longer, probably because they are young and have more stamina. There is a peak at 1969 and 1938, which I can’t 
explain more than overzealous riders, these seem like anomalies.

Maps
Most of the top start stations are near the shore, many are near public transportation stations, and they are mostly in a busy metro area. It seems 
like these trends are happening because these places are where people are commuting from, the public transportation stations especially make sense, 
and the peak travel times are commuting hours.
The top end stations are are almost all the same as the top start stations. This shows riders start and end in a similar or the same place. The
bottom stations are scattered throughout NYC and this is becuase of one off situations where the rider leaves the bike in NYC and doesn't come back
the way they came.

